refactor!: remove deprecated APIs (#918)
apify/apify-sdk-python: docs/04_upgrading/upgrading_to_v4.md

## Python 3.11+ required

Support for Python 3.10 has been dropped. The Apify Python SDK v4.x now requires Python 3.11 or later — make sure your environment is on a compatible version before upgrading.

## Removal of deprecated APIs

Methods and arguments that had been deprecated in v3 are removed in v4.

### `api_public_base_url` argument of storage clients

> The deprecated `api_public_base_url` argument has been removed from `ApifyDatasetClient` and `ApifyKeyValueStoreClient`. It had no effect already in v3 — passing it only emitted a `DeprecationWarning`. Drop it from your call sites. The public base URL is taken from `Configuration.api_public_base_url`, which is unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecated `api_public_base_url` argument has been removed from `ApifyDatasetClient` and `ApifyKeyValueStoreClient`. It had no effect already in v3, passing it emitted only a `DeprecationWarning`. Drop it from your call sites. The public base URL is taken from `Configuration.api_public_base_url`, which is unchanged.
```

> Before (v3):

Reviewer: How about combining these two examples into one codeblock and using `Before (v3)` and `After (v4)` as comments, so that it stays consistent with the `Keyword-only arguments` section in [this PR?](https://github.com/apify/apify-sdk-python/pull/917)

```python
client = ApifyDatasetClient(
    api_client=api_client,
    api_public_base_url='https://api.apify.com',
    lock=lock,
)
```

After (v4):

```python
client = ApifyDatasetClient(
    api_client=api_client,
    lock=lock,
)
```

### `Actor.start` and `Actor.call`: `RemainingTime`

> The deprecated `RemainingTime` value of the `timeout` argument has been removed from `Actor.start()` and `Actor.call()`. Use `inherit` instead — the signature and behavior are identical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecated `RemainingTime` value of the `timeout` argument has been removed from `Actor.start()` and `Actor.call()`. Use `inherit` instead, the signature and behavior are identical.
```

> Before (v3):

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above, how about creating one code block for the examples?

```python
run = await Actor.call('user/actor', timeout='RemainingTime')
```

After (v4):

```python
run = await Actor.call('user/actor', timeout='inherit')
```

### Deprecated `Configuration` fields

> The deprecated `latest_sdk_version`, `log_format`, and `standby_port` fields have been removed from `Configuration`. Use `web_server_port` in place of `standby_port`; the other two have no replacement — SDK version checking is not supported for the Python SDK, and the log format should be adjusted in code instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecated `latest_sdk_version`, `log_format`, and `standby_port` fields have been removed from `Configuration`:
- In place of `standby_port`, use `web_server_port`.
- `latest_sdk_version` and `log_format` don't have replacement. SDK version checking isn't supported for the Python SDK and the log format should be adjusted in code instead.
```
